same sentence.
There are advantages and disadvantages to using a credit card. There
is a price behind the discounts and numbers.
But you have Diao Chan and
I also have Xiao Erqiao.
We are not necessarily just being exploited by credit cards.
We can all take the initiative to make good use of credit cards. The
key lies in how you use it. I do
n’t want everyone to turn off the screen after watching the video
and pretend nothing happened,
so I specifically want to give you three steps.
Everyone go back and do your homework.
First, count how many credit cards you have. Do
you know
how much your total credit limit is?
Second, after reading the credit card monthly statement for the most recent month,
what are your spending habits like? Do you have any outstanding balances?
I believe there will be surprises.
Third, what was the reason for applying for different credit cards in the first place? Is
this reason still valid? Do you
need to cancel the card? If you
have done your homework,
you are welcome to